com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateTool
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.PluginTemplateLifecycle
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int radioButton3
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_pli_radius
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_zoom_level_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_optimize_mode_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$array: int distance_units
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$layout: int bingmaps_planner_option
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_use_labels_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$dimen: int fontSize
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int app_desc
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_pli_radius_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKPluginTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$array: int optimize_mode
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int spinner
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int radioButton2
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int key_bingmaps_preferences
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$color: int white
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKEditText
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int btn_gray
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int FullDropdownStyle
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int darkButton
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int app_name
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_distance_units_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int south32
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_avoid
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_avoid_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int west32
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_route_self_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_zoom_level
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$array: int avoid
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int east32
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_disabled
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$xml: int preferences
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$layout: int main_layout
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_use_labels
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_travel_mode
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_selected
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_api_key
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_route_two_points
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_route_self
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int profilesSpinner
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_map_size
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int north32
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int textView
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int textView2
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int preferences_title
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$color: int darker_gray
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_api_key_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int radioButton
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_optimize_mode
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_distance_units
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_route_two_points_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinner
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_map_size_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$array: int travel_mode
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinnerItem
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$id: int textView3
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_maps
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int set_travel_mode_summary
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int unpaddedButton
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$style: int AppTheme
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_bg
com.atakmap.android.plugintemplate.plugin.R$string: int preferences_summary
